Added support for storage_replication_type on  azurerm_recovery_services_vault (#8813)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/recovery_services_vault.markdown

* `sku` - The vault's current SKU.

* `soft_delete_enabled` - (Optional) Is soft delete enabled for this Vault? Defaults to true.

> * `storage_replication_type` - (Optional) Storage replication type backup configuration for this vault. Possible values: GeoRedundant or LocallyRedundant. Defaults to GeoRedundant. Cannot be changed 

Reviewer: could we quote posible values
```suggestion
* `storage_replication_type` - (Optional) Storage replication type backup configuration for this vault. Possible values: `GeoRedundant` or `LocallyRedundant`. Defaults to `GeoRedundant`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
